Document GHC-95909: Missing Required Strict Fields (#77)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-95909/index.md

---
title: Missing strict fields
summary: Constructor does not have required strict field(s)
severity: error
introduced: 9.6.1
---

> When strict fields are in use for a datatype -- either per-field with `BangPatterns` or for an entire type using the language extensions `Strict`/`StrictData` -- all fields are strictly evaluated in construction. Therefore, it is not possible to leave some fields unassigned, as these will evaluate to `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When strict fields are in use for a datatype -- either per-field with `BangPatterns` or for an entire type using the language extensions `Strict`/`StrictData` -- all fields are strictly evaluated by constructors. Therefore, it is not possible to leave some fields unassigned, because they can't be given a suspended bottom as a placeholder.
```
